add applocker note when running as admin (#5880)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/setup/windows.md

3. Find the `.svg` key.
4. Set its `Content Type` Data value to `image/svg+xml`.
5. Exit `regedit`.

### Unable to run as admin when AppLocker is enabled

> With the introduction of process sandboxing (see our [blog](https://code.visualstudio.com/blogs/2022/11/28/vscode-sandbox)) running as administrator is currently unsupported when AppLocker is configured on the system. Please run with your normal user account if possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the introduction of process sandboxing (see our [blog](https://code.visualstudio.com/blogs/2022/11/28/vscode-sandbox)) running as administrator is currently unsupported when AppLocker is configured on the system due to a limitation of the runtime sandbox, please refer to https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=740132 for additional context. If your work requires to run the application from a elevated terminal, then you can launch with `--no-sandbox --disable-gpu-sandbox` as a workaround.
```
